where the poet sprawl? AT what time of day it was?
the poet sprawled on the wall of the orchard, in shiny heat of sun. It was when there was the blazing heat of the day.

What would nicholas nye do in the meadow?
How would his mood be?

Nicholas would munch the grass and the weed to satisfy his hunger. His mood was always sad, in spite of his occasional smile

How does the poet describe nicholas?
He had no companion to break the boredom of his dull and monotonous life. Nicholas Nye was old, lean and thin, name of a laid and grey color ownerless donkey. 

Who was nicolas nye
He was old and had crossed more than 20 yrs since he was born. he would munch the pointed leaves and purple flowers of the thisle [plants. he would soetimes bend down his head and take a long brath as to feel pity on his own condition

The poet said that theres an emotional bond between poet and donkey. The donkey had no companion of his own species, quite relatable with the poet's life. The poet is loely too. No other donkey is there to accompany him except his own shadow. The lines in the poem lay stress on his loneliness as well as a poet

the poet sprawled on the orchard wall in shiny heat of sun. He lay there in a relaxed mode and was not fully asleep.

The donkey would eat and chew the pointed leavs and purple flowers of the thistle plants. He would sometimes bend down his head and take a long breath and then relsease it as to feel pity on his own miserable condition. He stood alone in meadow and drowsed swigning his hair here and there lazily.

After the sun set the time of dusk would come in long branches of apple trees, in the orchard. As darkness spread, the green glow of brittles likeglow warm would begin to shine. Birds also would bend down in their nest to take rest at night. When the poet would walk in a tired way to his home. and their would be the moonlight that is mixed with darkness and dampness of the falling dews.

The donkey's bray showeed he was nit hake and hearthy, and innspite of all miseries and poor health, the donkey was brave nd couragious enough to make others smile.